## Installation

1. install node
2. install Truffle and Ganache globally
   `npm install -g truffle ganache-cli`
3. install openzeppelin: `npm install @openzeppelin/contracts`
4. install Metamask

## Run Dev Server

1. In command line, run `ganache-cli`, or launch ganache desktop.

   Open Metamask, add the ganache network (here `HTTP://127.0.0.1:8545`) and import the first private key generated by ganache.

2. On a seperate terminal window, run
   `cd truffle` then `truffle migrate --network development --reset`

3. `cd ../client` then `npm run start`


## Notes 

1. Some parts of the anonymous voting have been hardcoded (temporarily):
   - In AdminPage/index.js, 
      - contract address of the deployed 'QuadraDAO' from the terminal (after running "truffle migrate --reset" before "client/npm run start")
      - user account address (in the hangleGenerateNFTs function and in the button when passed as the parameter). 
      
         NOTE: This is the second address from the ganache-cli. 
      
   - In truffle/migrations/1_deploy_election.js 
      - admin account address
      
         NOTE: This is the first address from the ganache-cli.

## FAQ
- **How to access different user priviledges?**
   For admin roles, signup then login with username and password both to 'admin' (NOTE: case sensitive, all lowercase). It will take you to list of all users where you can whitelist them and mint nfts for them.

   For normal user/voter, sign up and login with any username or password, where you can request to get whitelisted and access nfts for anonymous voting. 

   When a user requests the services mentioned above, the list on the admin page is updated in real time (you might to refresh the page). 

- **How do I use this with Ganache (or any other network)?**

  The Truffle project is set to deploy to Ganache by default. If you'd like to change this, it's as easy as modifying the Truffle config file! Check out [our documentation on adding network configurations](https://trufflesuite.com/docs/truffle/reference/configuration/#networks). From there, you can run `truffle migrate` pointed to another network, restart the React dev server, and see the change take place.

- **Where can I find more resources?**

  This Box is a sweet combo of [Truffle](https://trufflesuite.com) and [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org). Either one would be a great place to start!


